# DA_2023_Project

Welcome to the **DA_2023_Project** repository! This repository contains the code and resources for our data analysis project for the year 2023.

## Description

The **DA_2023_Project** is a data analysis project that aims to analyze a specific dataset or problem using various data analysis techniques. The goal of this project is to gain insights, draw meaningful conclusions, and present the findings to the intended audience.

The dataset consists of data collected from heavy Scania trucks in everyday usage. The system in
focus is the Air Pressure system (APS) which generates pressurized air that is utilized in various
functions in a truck, such as braking and gear changes. The datasets’ positive class consists of
component failures for a specific component of the APS system. The negative class consists of trucks
with failures for components not related to the APS. The data consists of a subset of all available
data, selected by experts.

The training set contains 60000 examples in total of which 59000 belong to the negative class
and 1000 positive class. The test set contains 16000 examples. There are 171 attributes per record

[Link to Dataset](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/421/aps+failure+at+scania+trucks)

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Conatct](#contact)

## Installation

To get started with this project, follow the steps below:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/VPLEV23/DA_2023_Project.git
2. Install the required dependencies:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   
## Usage

To use the code in this repository, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd DA_2023_Project
2. Run the main script or application:
   ```bash
   jupyter-notebook
3. Follow any instructions or prompts provided by the code.
4. Review the results or outputs generated by the analysis.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to improve the DA_2023_Project repository. If you would like to contribute, please follow these guidelines:
  1. Fork the repository.
  2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
  3. Make your changes and test them thoroughly.
  4. Submit a pull request, clearly describing the changes you've made.
  5.  Wait for the maintainers to review your pull request. We appreciate your patience!

## License
  This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/license/mit/). You are free to use, modify, and distribute this code as per the terms of the license.

## Contact
  Name: [Vlad Bulhakov](#)

    GitHub: @VPLEV23
    Email: vladyslav.bulhakov@student.univaq.it

  Name: [Danylo Savchak](#)

    GitHub: @Savchak00
    Email: danylo.savchak@student.univaq.it

  Name: [Artem Chernobrovkin](#)

    GitHub: @Watfireme
    Email: artem.chernobrovkin@student.univaq.it


    

    

   

   

